fix(docs): add documentation for debugging native extension (#302)
getoutreach/stencil: docs/content/en/reference/native-extensions.md

A native extension can be ran locally using the `replacements` key in an application's manifest (`service.yaml`), which is described in the [module documentation]({{< relref "template-module#testing-a-module-used-in-a-stencil-application" >}}). However, when doing this the native extension must write it's binary to `bin/plugin`.

## Debugging a Native Extension

> The [`go-plugin`](https://github.com/hashicorp/go-plugin) library does not surface errors to stencil. Instead, it will raise the generic message `failed to create connection to extension: Unrecognized remote plugin message`. To determine a more precise error message, execute the native extension binary directly.

Reviewer: It might've been worth noting where the native extension binaries live, or how to find it in the error.

Author: Make sense. I will create another PR to add the notes.

A native extension can be ran locally using the `replacements` key in an application's manifest (`service.yaml`), which is described in the [module documentation]({{< relref "template-module#testing-a-module-used-in-a-stencil-application" >}}). However, when doing this the native extension must write it's binary to `bin/plugin`.

> ## Debugging a Native Extension
> The [`go-plugin`](https://github.com/hashicorp/go-plugin) library does not surface errors to stencil. Instead, it will raise the generic message `failed to create connection to extension: Unrecognized remote plugin message`. To determine a more precise error message, execute the native extension binary directly.

Reviewer 2: suggestion: I missed this in the last review. All of the other headings have an empty line after them.
```suggestion
## Debugging a Native Extension

The [`go-plugin`](https://github.com/hashicorp/go-plugin) library does not surface errors to stencil. Instead, it will raise the generic message `failed to create connection to extension: Unrecognized remote plugin message`. To determine a more precise error message, execute the native extension binary directly.
```

> The [go-plugin](https://github.com/hashicorp/go-plugin) library does not surface error to stencil. You could just get general error message of `failed to create connection to extension: Unrecognized remote plugin message`. In this case, run the native extension binary directly to find out the error in the plugin.

Reviewer 2: Nit: wording
```suggestion
The [`go-plugin`](https://github.com/hashicorp/go-plugin) library does not surface errors to stencil. Instead, it will raise the generic message `failed to create connection to extension: Unrecognized remote plugin message`. To determine a more precise error message, execute the native extension binary directly.
```

3. When the function is called via `extensions.Call "importPath.function"` the rpc `ExecuteTemplateFunction` is called with the arguments passed to the function. The format for this RPC is defined as [`TemplateFunctionExec`](https://pkg.go.dev/github.com/getoutreach/stencil/pkg/extensions/apiv1#TemplateFunctionExec) in Go.
4. The response from the RPC is returned directly to the go-template with no processing.

> ## Debug Native Extension
> The [go-plugin](https://github.com/hashicorp/go-plugin) library does not surface error to stencil. You could just get general error message of `failed to create connection to extension: Unrecognized remote plugin message`. In this case, run the native extension binary directly to find out the error in the plugin.
> 

Reviewer 2: suggestion: this should go directly below "Testing a Native Extension" and the heading should match the same verb tense as the other headings.
```suggestion
## Debugging a Native Extension
The [`go-plugin`](https://github.com/hashicorp/go-plugin) library does not surface errors to stencil. Instead, it will raise the generic message `failed to create connection to extension: Unrecognized remote plugin message`. To determine the correct error message for the plugin, execute the native extension binary directly.

```
